hey everybody team Lamont here thought
I'd make a quick little video for you
regarding vinyl collections and what's a
good way for storage personally kind of
what I did and what I found it'd be a
cheap and easy method to organize my
vinyl collection here at home where I
live we have a very close quarters
environment we live in a big city so
it's you know space is limited so what I
did was I took a couple of these shops
that got off of amazon.com and I can put
the link in below basically they were
really cheap for what you get and as you
see I have three of them they're on top
of another shelf and then I got the so
three different sections you can as your
collection grows you can add on to them
and take away as you like and then on
top for the 45s I've got this little
thing from Odyssey and what it does is
holds three different sections for all
your 45s I think it holds up to 150 or
200 so that's quite a bit of room and I
can just set that right on top there and
so in terms of organization what I did
was I wanted to do an outfit izing set
up so I took some old cardboard pieces
from mailers and what I did was I just
went and I took some white tape here and
I believe that's gaffers tape and I just
label them A through Z and then for the
other ones I put I have a section down
here for for trade and for soundtracks
and compilations so down here I have my
trade section I'm about to list a couple
quite a few of those on my record group
and then over here is compilations and
various collections and soundtracks and
that sort of thing so that's just a
quick video of a cheap and easy way that
I found to label your collection if you
have any questions feel free to ask
below or comments and you know just let
me know what you think thanks a lot